1.A computation is creating an output from an input
2.user inputted data , char , int, machine outputted data
3.initialize, meaningful names, understand the compiler doesn't see human errors, don`t overuse parenthesis
4.An expression computes a value from a number of operands
5.statement is assigning value, expression is computing it
6.An lvalue has an address that your program can access, like variable names, constants, arrays, 
function calls that return an lvalue reference, bit fields, unions, and class members. 
Math computations require an lvalue because they return a modifiable value, other operators don't.
require it because they return a bool value.
7.A constant expression that can be evaluated at compile time 
8.A literal is data representing real values
9.symbolic constant is a fixed expression , we use them to make the code more readable, by defining expressions.
10.magic constants are non obvious literals.
11.*,+,-,* all can be used by operators
12.modulus cannot be used on float numbers
13.+,-, == can be used for strings.
14.when you have one variable input , and multiple checks. Switch is preferable to if.
15.switch only works with integer, char or enumeration type, value in case label must be constant,
you cannot use the same vvalue for two case labels, you can use several case labels for a single case.
16.for loop header line, first you initialize a value, then offer a certain check to that value, finally you modify that value
17.for loop when we know how long the loop should be executed, while to read a file into a variable, asking for user input, the increment is non standart.
18.to print numeric value of char, you assign an int value to it
19.char foo(int x) returns char type variable foo , while taking int x as a parameter
20.The function is long, function is used more than once , improves readability
21.i can read int into char , i cant read string into char, i can put int in a switch
22. you can concatenate string but not int
23. index of third element of vector is 2
24.to print every element of vector, 
for (i=0;i<n;++i)
cout << vector[i]
25.vector<char>alphabet(26) contains a vector of 26 chars.
26.push_back(i) puts i into vector
27.begin() returns point to the first container of a vector, end() points to the last+1 element in a vector
28.vectors popular and usefull because they are dynamic , they can store data , functions. 
29.to sort the elements of a vector c++ std_lib offers a function called sort()

